#summary A description of the life cycle of the project

= Introduction =
_This page describes the life cycle of the IslamDroid project and sub-projects that are spawning as part of the development. Members of the team project are involved at one point or another in one of the stages introduced._


= Life Cycle Summary =
The Life Cycle of the projects involved includes the following steps: 
  * Sub-project suggestion and brain storming.
  * Sub-project Team formation and first meeting.
  * Initial Backlog and backlog maintenance. 
  * Monthly roundups. 
    # Monthly meeting
    # Design & Development
    # Testing & QA
    # Bug Reporting / Handling
    # Managing Releases 
    # Documentation 
  * Project Rules. 
== Sub-project suggestion and brain storming ==
Sub-Project suggestion can emerge anywhere especially on the group mailing list. Any related project ideas are welcome by the team members. This will - casually - start some responses as a reaction and will drive the idea to mature when more people have more ideas. Casual brain storming can also be live through the #islamdroid channel on IRC. 

== Sub-project Team formation and first meeting ==
Recruiting people around a sub-project is an important action by the idea endorser. This will help the spawning of a healthy sub-project, and insures a longer project life. Using the mailing list group, IRC will help. After the first attempt to form a team, you can use the IRC for a public meeting. CAUTION: flexibility in the team formation will help you accept new members that are interested. 
The first meeting should result in a tentative team/features plan to be proposed. To guarantee IslamDroid team support, contacting the IslamD will do to start a new spawn with enough team roid board with the team/feature plan will help you be further endorsed. 
  
== Initial Backlog and backlog maintenance ==

== Monthly roundups == 
=== Monthly meeting===
=== Design & Development===
=== Testing & QA===
=== Bug Reporting / Handling===
=== Managing Releases=== 
=== Documentation===